Updated personalization section (#1519)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/personalization/enabling_personalization.md

    FRA_CUSTOM_EXPORT_PASSWORD=#prtpswd_1
    ```

## Configure Personalization

The [Personalization package](https://github.com/ibexa/personalization-client) 
adds a personalization solution to [[= product_name =]] and communicates with 
the Personalization server.

Its job is to track the way visitors use the website and recommend content 
based on their behavior.

After you become familiar with this article, for more information about integrating 
the Personalization service, see [Developer guide](developer_guide/tracking_api.md) and [Best practices](best_practices/tracking_integration.md).

### Set up item type tracking

For the recommendations to be calculated, apart from visitor events (CLICK, BUY, etc.), 
the Personalization server must be fed with the list of item types that are tracked.

You define item types to be tracked in the `config/packages/ibexa.yaml` file.
The content is then initially exported by a script.
After this, it is synchronized with the Personalization service every time a change 

> occurs in the Back Office.

Author: With any method, the info will be added.

                "attributes": [
                    {
                        "key": "image",
                        "values": [
                            "/var/site/storage/images/places-tastes/places/brooklyn-new-york/300-4-eng-GB/Brooklyn-New-York.jpg"
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "key": "author",
                        "values": [
                            "Elizabeth Liu"
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "key": "name",
                        "values": [
                            "Brooklyn, New York"
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "key": "uri",
                        "values": [
                            "/Places-Tastes/Places/Brooklyn-New-York"
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

#### Modify recommendation data

You can retrieve data returned from the Personalization server and modify it 
before it is shown to the user.

To modify recommendation data, subscribe to `RecommendationResponseEvent`.

> See [`Event/Subscriber/RecommendationEventSubscriber.php`](https://github.com/ibexa/personalization-client/blob/main/src/lib/Event/Subscriber/RecommendationEventSubscriber.php) for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [`Event/Subscriber/RecommendationEventSubscriber.php`](https://github.com/ibexa/personalization-client/blob/main/src/lib/Event/Subscriber/RecommendationEventSubscriber.php) for an example:
```

``` php
public static function getSubscribedEvents(): array
{
    return [
        RecommendationResponseEvent::class => ['onRecommendationResponse', -10],
    ];
}
```

The `-10` refers to priority, which must be negative so this action is performed 
before the main subscriber is run.

### Image variations

> Displaying image variations is not readily supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displaying image variations is not supported out of the box.
```
Maybe, to avoid the unavoidable "yet"?

    FRA_CUSTOM_EXPORT_PASSWORD=#prtpswd_1
    ```

## Configure Personalization

The [Personalization package](https://github.com/ibexa/personalization-client) 
adds a personalization solution to [[= product_name =]] and communicates with 
the Personalization server.

Its job is to track the way visitors use the website and recommend content 
based on their behavior.

For more information about integrating the Personalization service,
see [Developer guide](developer_guide/tracking_api.md) and [Best practices](best_practices/tracking_integration.md).

### Set up item type tracking

For the recommendations to be calculated, apart from visitor events (CLICK, BUY, etc.), 
the Personalization server must receive a list of item types that are tracked.

You define item types to be tracked in the `config/packages/ibexa.yaml` file.
The content is then initially exported by a script.
After this, it is synchronized with the Personalization service every time a change 

> occurs (using any method that trigers the event).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
occurs (using any method that triggers the event).
```

## Configure recommendation logic

> Wjen you enable the Personalization, you can go back to the Back Office, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable the Personalization, you can go back to the Back Office, 
```
